# CSE 332 Lab Base
Repository for submitting lab work

Note: We will read this file as raw text rather than markdown.

Name:Shaza Ali
Lab #: 3

Document your lab work here according to the lab specification
1. Qualified reference to 'BoardSetUp' is a constructor name rather than a type in this context
2. just removed BoardSetUp:: so that the operator overload uses const BoardSetUp& only instead
3. Had issues with printBoard() and updatePlayerMoves() but they just needed to be declared as public member functions in the .h file
4. Trouble using the friend function in the .h file to overload the operator then have that called to print the state of the board but it just needed to be included as an overloaded operator then the function could just cal that as 'this*' before being used in play()
5. Built fine without errors
6. test case 1: echo $?, exit code 127
7. testing output: ./TicTacToe TicTacToe                        
   0 1 2 3 4
   4      
   3      
   2      
   1      
   0

Player X's turn
Enter coordinates of next move or quit to quit
8. i'm getting that coordinates have already played even though they haven't so i set this logic as follows: tempX = xCoord;
   tempY = yCoord + 1
9. test case: playing with turns against random_move: Player X's turn
   Enter coordinates of next move or quit to quit
   1,1
   0 1 2 3 4
   4   X       
   3           
   2           
   1           
   0           
   Player X: 1,1;
   0 1 2 3 4
   4   X       
   3           
   2           
   1           
   0

Player O's turn
Player O placed at: 2,2
0 1 2 3 4
4   X       
3     O     
2           
1           
0           
Player O: 1,1;
0 1 2 3 4
4   X       
3     O     
2           
1           
0

Player X's turn
Enter coordinates of next move or quit to quit
10. test case: quit: Enter coordinates of next move or quit to quit
    quit
    2 turn(s) have been made.
    Player X has decided to quit
11. test case: win:  0 1 2 3 4
    4   X       
    3   X O O   
    2   X       
    1           
    0           
    Player X: 3,1; 2,1; 1,1;
    Player X has won!
12. test case: already played coordinates:   0 1 2 3 4
    4   O       
    3     X O   
    2   X       
    1           
    0

Player X's turn
Enter coordinates of next move or quit to quit
1,1
Coordinates have already been played
13. test case: draw: 
        0 1 2 3 4
    4   O X O   
    3   X X O   
    2   X O X   
    1           
    0           
    Player X: 3,1; 2,2; 2,1; 3,3; 1,2;
    9 turns have been made but no winner.
14. test case: loss: Player O placed at: 3,3
    0 1 2 3 4
    4   X   X   
    3   X X O   
    2   O O O   
    1           
    0           
    Player O: 1,1; 1,3; 2,2; 2,1;
    Player O has won!
15. Extra Credit: In TicTacToe.h, bool autoPlay; was added as a publicly declared function and void auto_player(); was also added publicly. bool autoPlay's role is to check whether or not the player has selected to play with the computer or not before moving on to calling auto_player() to continue allowing random moves to be generated by the computer after every time the player has taken their turn. The check for autoPlay occurs in ActivePlay.cpp with the statement else if (argc == 3 && argv[1]==std::string("TicTacToe") && argv[2]==std::string("auto_player")){
    std::cout << "Initiated Auto Play" << std::endl;
    BoardSetUp autoGame(true);
    return autoGame.play(); added to the initial set of conditional statements, giving the user a choice in the matter of a autoplayer or not. It was also unclear at the beginning of executing things whether or not the player could choose to auto play so I added the ability to state that choice by asking first then checking if the player chose y/n.
16. test with auto play:
    ./TicTacToe TicTacToe                        
    Would you like to play against the auto player? (y/n): y
    Initiated Auto Play
    0 1 2 3 4
    4           
    3           
    2           
    1           
    0

Player X's turn
Enter coordinates of next move or quit to quit


